And the next section you're going to be building is going to be recent posts section and so here this
is going to be very simple.
All right.
We're just going to have a in effect right that a font or some search icon shows up right.
And those are going to set up these like cards right or here you can see this is going to be text and
the button.
All right.
So we're going to go back over here again and we're going to go to the next page the amount and again
we're going to go all the way somewhere at the bottom.
So this was the end of the filler section.
Right.
And this is going to be a posts.
So we're all going to say the comment posts section more here.
And I was going to copy and paste this and I'm going to say this is going to be the end of post section.
Right.
So we scroll all the way over here and we're going to say this is going to be section more here title
and we're going to say well sorry this is going to be ideal posts or you don't like this.
And what we're going to say is this is going to be title.
Right.
So let's go ahead and again grab the title where it is.
Let's find this right.
So title and this is going to be a recent post.
So I was going to copy this guy drag it all the way down here.
Copy this one.
We're going to say this is going to be recent posts or you know in this recent posts.
Right.
So now that we have this we will have a post container.
So here I'm just going to say this is going to be live post container right.
And we're here we're going to have a post-Iowa right.
So here we're going to create a comment on the post and this is going to be the end of the post right
here and of post.
All right so now that we have this we actually would want a post.
I had them right when I hear someone say this is going to be our goal with a class of post.
I had them right now once we have the actual article we're actually going to have one more comment we're
going to say this is going to be actual card.
Right so we're here we're going to write card here we're going to say this and we did with the class
of image container.
So this is going to hold everything right here within this day.
We're going to place the image.
And this is going to be image from again from current projects right.
So just tab and we're going to see images current project and again in the beginning they are all going
to be massive.
But we already know by now how to actually fix them right.
So image and this is going to be project one.
And then within this image container we're going to add something more we're going to say this is going
to be a link right here with the dummy link HFM here like this.
This is going to be.
Hey hey and search it so search back on the wall here press tab.
Now we're done with the container All right now over here what we're going to have a actual text.
Right.
So this is going to be the second thing.
So this is going what's going to be underneath the picture.
All right so this is going to be text container like this.
We're going to say this is going to be hitting one.
And this is going to be angular post or here and we're going to press tab once we have a heading one
then we're going to have a paragraph.
So obviously we're going right over here and this is going to be paragraph and let's say this is Lorem
15 and let's say all the way back.
This is going to be padding right.
And then we're going to have a leg.
All right so I'm going to say over here we're going to say read more.
Right.
So we're going to have a rough read more.
Right now that we have this.
We're actually ready to move one and add some more of them right.
So what is the post item or here.
I mean we need we need what we need actually to do more.
Right.
So we need to be thorough.
So what I'm going to say is over here we grabbed this and said I want to write and here this is going
to change obviously image and then I will say text should be different too.
Right.
So this one the first one was angler post.
So these guys number two.
This is going to be reac post.
I'm not going to be changing orientalis obviously this text.
I mean this is going to stay the same.
I don't hear it's going to be Javascript Post Script post.
Right.
So now that we are done with HD now we're here and let's change this to three we're actually ready to
go to see this start styling this post.